*Making the Pizza Dough*
a. Proof the yeast
   Place the warm water in the large bowl of a heavy duty stand mixer. 
   Sprinkle the yeast over the warm water and let it sit for 5 minutes until the yeast is dissolved.
   After 5 minutes stir if the yeast hasn't dissolved completely. 
   The yeast should begin to foam or bloom, indicating that the yeast is still active and alive.

(Note that if you are using "instant yeast" instead of "active yeast", no proofing is required. Just add to the flour in the next step.)
b. Make and knead the pizza dough
   Add the flour, salt, sugar, and olive oil, and using the mixing paddle attachment, mix on low speed for a minute. 
   Then replace the mixing paddle with the dough hook attachment.
   Knead the pizza dough on low to medium speed using the dough hook about 7-10 minutes.
   If you don't have a mixer, you can mix the ingredients together and knead them by hand.
   The dough should be a little sticky, or tacky to the touch. If it's too wet, sprinkle in a little more flour.

c. Let the dough rise
   Spread a thin layer of olive oil over the inside of a large bowl. 
   Place the pizza dough in the bowl and turn it around so that it gets coated with the oil.
   At this point you can choose how long you want the dough to ferment and rise. 
   A slow fermentation (24 hours in the fridge) will result in more complex flavors in the dough. 
   A quick fermentation (1 1/2 hours in a warm place) will allow the dough to rise sufficiently to work with.
   Cover the dough with plastic wrap.

d. Preparing the Pizzas
   Preheat pizza stone (or pizza pan or baking sheet)
   Place a pizza stone on a rack in the lower third of your oven. Preheat the oven to 475째F (245째C) for at least 30 minutes, preferably an hour. 
   If you don't have a pizza stone, you can use a pizza pan or a thick baking sheet; you need something that will not warp at high temperatures.
   Divide the dough into two balls
   Remove the plastic cover from the dough. Dust your hands with flour and push the dough down so it deflates a bit. 
   Divide the dough in half.

e. Prep toppings
   Prepare your desired toppings. 
   Note that you are not going to want to load up each pizza with a lot of toppings as the crust will end up not crisp that way.
   About a third a cup each of tomato sauce and cheese would be sufficient for one pizza. 
   One to two mushrooms thinly sliced will cover a pizza.
   Flatten dough ball, and stretch out into a round
   Working one ball of dough at a time, take one ball of dough and flatten it with your hands on a lightly floured work surface.
   Starting at the center and working outwards, use your fingertips to press the dough to 1/2-inch thick. 
   Turn and stretch the dough until it will not stretch further.

f. Brush dough top with olive oil
   Use your fingertips to press down and make dents along the surface of the dough to prevent bubbling. 
   Brush the top of the dough with olive oil (to prevent it from getting soggy from the toppings). Let rest another 10-15 minutes.
   Repeat with the second ball of dough.
   Sprinkle pizza peel with corn meal, put flattened dough on top
   Lightly sprinkle your pizza peel (or flat baking sheet) with cornmeal.
   (The corn meal will act as little ball bearings to help move the pizza from the pizza peel into the oven.)
   Transfer one prepared flattened dough to the pizza peel.

g. Spread with tomato sauce and sprinkle with toppings
   Spoon on the tomato sauce, sprinkle with cheese, and place your desired toppings on the pizza. 
   Be careful not to overload the pizza with too many toppings, or your pizza will be soggy.

h. Bake pizza
   Bake pizza in the 475째F (245째C) oven, one at a time, until the crust is browned and the cheese is golden, about 10-15 minutes. 
   If you want, toward the end of the cooking time you can sprinkle on a little more cheese.